Recommend using TTL field in job (#29478)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job.md

immediately after it finishes. If the field is unset, this Job won't be cleaned
up by the TTL controller after it finishes.

{{< note >}}
It is recommended to set `ttlSecondsAfterFinished` field because unmanaged jobs

> (jobs not created via high level controllers like cronjobs) have a default deletion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Jobs that you created directly, and not indirectly through other workload APIs
such as CronJob) have a default deletion
```

> policy of `orphanDependents` causing pods created by this job to be left around.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
policy of `orphanDependents` causing Pods created by an unmanaged Job to be left around
after that Job is fully deleted.
```

> Even though podgc collector eventually deletes these lingering pods, sometimes these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though the {{< glossary_tooltip text="control plane" term_id="control-plane" >}} eventually
[garbage collects](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-garbage-collection)
the Pods from a deleted Job after they either fail or complete, sometimes those
```

lingering pods may cause cluster performance degradation or in worst case cause the

> cluster to go down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cluster to go offline due to this degradation.

You can use [LimitRanges](/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/) and
[ResourceQuotas](/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/) to place a
cap on the amount of resources that a particular namespace can
consume.
```
?
